changelog: add entry for 8.18.1 (#16813)
elastic/apm-server: changelogs/8.18.asciidoc

[[apm-release-notes-8.18]]
== APM version 8.18

* <<apm-release-notes-8.18.1>>
* <<apm-release-notes-8.18.0>>

[float]
[[apm-release-notes-8.18.1]]
=== APM version 8.18.1

https://github.com/elastic/apm-server/compare/v8.18.0\...v8.18.1[View commits]

[float]
==== Bug fixes

> - Tail-based sampling: Fix an issue with corrupted subscriber position files by handling file read error {pull}16736[16736]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tail-based sampling: ignore subscriber position read error and proceed as if file does not exist to avoid crash looping {pull}16736[16736]
```
nit on changelog line
